Recon ^233e84

Jimmy scans the small enemy encampment through the lenses of his **binoculars**, noting enemy locations and **communicating** them to the rest of his team. Through the window of a makeshift shack he spies their objective and **marks it** for the team.  Jimmy crouches low and creeps closer to the unsuspecting enemy troops on guard duty. Using his **Move Silently** skill he is even more difficult to hear than his compatriots waiting in the tree line. Because he used his **Camouflage Kit** prior to making his approach, the guards have an even lower chance of spotting him. As he gets closer, one of the guards stands and begins walking directly towards his position! Keeping preternaturally calm, he palms one of the rocks he had collected earlier for just this occasion. Using his learned **Distract** skill he is able to hurl the small projectile with minimal movement, creating a small disturbance in the undergrowth 10 meters to his left. The guard hears the distraction and changes course to investigate.  Jimmy has managed to position himself right behind a lone guard out on patrol. Having been completely undetected, he is free to perform a **takedown maneuver** that incapacitates the guard silently, without alerting any other enemy forces. To ensure that the body is not discovered, Jimmy drags the motionless guard into a secluded area and continues his infiltration.

Back at the base, Jimmy can train willing locals to act as a reconnaissance force that will assist the merc company. Locals can give the team a heads up on incoming attacks, give additional intel on potential missions and provide extra details on specific mission map layouts. As Jimmy is training these resources he is able to assign them to different tasks that take a certain length of time to complete.